Theory: 49 / 62
Coding: 23 / 30
Testing: 3 / 8
Total: 78 / 100
Fantastic!

1.	Python theory questions

Section 1: 16/20
1.	What is the program?
A1: A program is a series of instructions given to a computer for it to run a task.
✓

2.	What is the process?
A2: The process is the program in execution.
✓

3.	What is Cache?
A3: The cache is a small area of memory where data/information is held temporarily, if it is likely it'll be reused,
and can be accessed faster than from the RAM. Caches need to regularly be cleared for optimum use.
✓

4.	What is Thread and Multithreading?
A4: Thread: smallest sequence of programmed instructions to be run concurrently.
    Multithreading: A large number of threads being run either in sequence or one after another, and are reliant upon each other.
✓ (Not necessarily dependent on each other from my understanding - threads can be independent / just share process resource)

5.	What is GIL in Python and how does it work?
A5: GIL - Global Interpretor Lock that allows threads to lock the interpretor, to ensure bottlenecks aren't caused.
    The GIL was a gamechanger for Python and really sets it apart.
✓

6.	What is Concurrency and Parallelism and what are the differences?
A6:
X

7.	What do these stand for in programming: DRY, KISS, BDUF
A7: DRY - don't repeat yourself
    KISS - keep it simple stupid
    BDUF - big design up front
✓ (Make sure to explain these tho next time! E.g. simple sentence to explain what is each)

8.	What is Garbage collector? How does it work?
A8: Garbage collector - Memory Management Mechanism in Python
✓ (How? 1 mark, description given but no explanation of how it works?)

9.	What are ‘deadlock’ and ‘livelock’ in a relational database?
A9: Deadlock: When 2 transactions in a database are waiting for the other to unlock itself.
✓ (1 mark - missing livelock)

10.	What is Flask and what can we use it for?
Flask is a web application framework which is used to create programs/websites that speak to APIs and either give or take data/information
to/from databases like SQL, like booking systems or information websites
✓

--Q2.	Discuss the difference between Python 2 and Python 3
The main difference between Python 2 and Python 3 is python 3 is easier to use, more intuitive, and easier to learn for a complete beginner.
But Python 2 has some libraries which have not been updated to python 3, so moving from one to another is a timely and costly process.
Some of teh diffeerences between them is that python 2 has different syntax for the print statement and how unicode is handled.
These are not compatible with python 3.

6/8
Feedback:
I think pass on some examples for the different syntax (e.g. for print) or unicode as well? Something to supplement the answer for additional marks
Discuss how Python is maintaned or used - for example, do companies use Python 2 or Python 3? Why don't they switch, etc?
In general, go incredibly in depth for a 8-marker; answers here are good, but aiming to see depth more - e.g. examples for the
differences, explanations of arguments (e.g. Python 3 is easier to use - yes, but why is it easier? What makes it more intuitive?)

--Q5.	Agile methodology, Scrum: name at least 3 types of meetings that are exercised by Agile teams and describe the objective of each meeting.
Daily Scrum: to go over any issues that may arise or identify ways in which developers can work together or their work may overlap.
Attended by scrum master, developer team and product owner.

Planning meeting - to discuss what is in scope and out of scope in the upcoming scrum cycle.
(^ Do you mean Sprint planning?)

Scrum Review: to show what has been developed in terms of software to management and stakeholders.

7/8
Feedback:
Not sure what planning meeting is?

--Q6.	Exception handling in Python, explain what each of the following blocks means in the program flow:
Try: Run this piece of code
except: If it doesn't run correctly (creates an error), dont break the code but continue to this and recognise it as an error - and print any accompanying message
else: If there is an error and it goes to except, then try this (<--- X meant more for code to execute if NO error was raised)
finally: this should be the last piece of code that is run in the block of code

6/8
Feedback:
Careful of the else part

--7.	How can we connect a Python program (process) with a database? Explain how it works and how do we fetch / insert data into DB tables from a python program.
A7: A python program can be connected to a website server that acts as (or is) an API to which you can send and receive information. You can make requests to
the API and it will give you responses in the form of information/data. The database is what sits behind the API and stores all the information.
The API creates, updates, reads or deletes infromation from the databse as instructed to by the user. The user has to have 2 files to do this,
one to act as the client, instructing the API, and one to act as the API. The API file needs to be connected to a database.

To do this, there are 4 commands:
1. PUT - to update data
2. POST - to create/upload data
3. GET - to read/download data
4. DELETE - to delete data

8/8
Feedback:
Great work! Consider engine and 'cursor' as well to supplement

-- 8.	Given two SQL tables below: authors and books.
The authors dataset has 1M+ rows
The books dataset also has 1M+ rows
Create an SQL query that shows the TOP 3 authors who sold the most books in total!

SELECT a.author_name, b.sold_copies
FROM AUTHORS a
RIGHT JOIN BOOKS b
ON a.book_name = b.book_name
GROUP BY a.author_name DESC;

(limit results to 10 rows

6/10
Feedback:
Not able to get the query working on my end? I think it may be because of the GROUP BY (which is used without aggregation of the author name?)
The intended approach would be to SUM the sold_copies of the second table, then group that aggregation by the authors_name (like above
but by summarising the book sales) - after which, order it by the sold copies in DESC manner

There are parts of this already existing within the query, but the query itself slightly misses the mark and does not execute
correctly (please let me know if it does execute on your end tho - do not want to mark badly in the instance where it's my environment
misleading me / im at fault).

Good attempt overall tho - I understand where you're going easily, brill work
