Grade: 100% (Brilliant work!)

Definitions for key Git & GitHub terminology

 GIT WORKFLOW FUNDAMENTALS 
•	Working Directory - Umbrella term, all files / folders e.g. when checked out. Where all the files are that we’re working to
✓ - Yup!

•	Staging Area - Tracked files / part-of-next-commit files. Git watches these files for changes
✓ - Correct! This is basically our rough draft space - everything here is going to be part of the next
potential commit (just leaving insights / formal definitions from mark scheme in case they help - answer is fully correct
& on-point, comments are just to give extra perspective, ignore if not needed!).

•	Local Repo (head) -  Area of local changes (laptop or PC)
✓ - Yup! This local repo is usually on our computer as well yeah
•	Remote repo (master) - Remote area (Server)
✓ - On point! Yeah - this is basically a remote repository / area that everyone or team member/s make changes to




WORKING DIRECTORY STATES: 
•	Staged –  Staging: preparation. Commit-prepped (area that is prepped for commit)
✓ - Yup; files are marked to be comitted, but nothing has happened yet / no commit
•	Modified - Modified files: changes made
✓ - Files have updated changes but this not stored in the local repo yet
•	Committed – saved the file
✓ - Yup! Changes are now saved and safely stored in the local repo

GIT COMMANDS: 
•	Git add  - Add file contents to the index
✓ - yup; files (that are in the working directory) are added to the staging area (like an airport lobby waiting room)
•	Git commit  - Record changes to the repository
✓ - Yup! Files are now added to the local repo
•	Git push - Update remote refs along with associated objects
✓ Brill - Files here are yeah transferred from the local repo to the remote / remote is updated with the local repo changes
•	Git fetch - Download objects and refs from another repository, explaining all the new stuff that has been added/updated
✓ - Exactyl! Git is now 'aware' of what's going on with remote. We don't merge the files into the repo / download them fully,
but at least GIt is kind of 'aware' that there are other branches and files that exist out there. We basically get files from the remote
to the local repo, but we don't put it in the working direcotry yet
•	Git merge - Join two or more development histories together
✓ - Yup! Mark scheme also notes importantly that merge is used for getting files from local repo into the working directory as well
•	Git pull - Fetch from and integrate with another repository or a local branch
✓ - Yeah git pull is basically just downloading all the files. So here, we're doing Git Fetch + Git Merge (get all the files online,
then download them and place them into our working directory and access them). So git pull is not fully for another repo, it's more
for getting stuff from the online remote repo usually (or some branch).



git commit -m 'initial commit'  (always add a message of what you’re adding)
git push origin main  (inside cfg-homework folder)
git add .   (. Adds everything, otherwise you can name file you wanna add)
git init   (Create an empty Git repository or reinitialize an existing one)
ls 
rm
cd
touch <filename> - create files 

Q2:
✓ 
